

                              README

Description: 6 Iff-Ilbm-Files in 640x512 Pixles,partialy in 128 and in 256
             Colors for displayment on AGA-capable Amiga Computers ( or
             other Systems capable of displaying 256 colors ), all featuring
             Dominique and some other caracters of mine.

Why:         After grabbing the Aminet4 CD, I stumbled across some of Eric
             Schwartzes Animations and Les Dietzes Pictures, which, belive
             it or not, were completely unknowen to me until then, because
             the Aminet CD was my first contact with PD. After watching some
             of this stuff, I decided to try something like that myselfe,
             and after some searching for an until now unused animal to
             antropomorphise ( dont want to get sued at my first upload )
             I finally endet up with a Garden Dormouse, and now, after
             completing the redesign of the "prototype",I am introducing
             Dominique to the Public, because I think she came out pretty
             well.

Used System: A 1200 with 68030 and 16Mb fast Ram
             Dpaint V     for painting and shading
             PPaint 2.1   for sketching, element-merging and inbetween
                          color-reduction
                     eventually 4 gallons of coffee

Author:      I am 26 jears old, live in Austria ( naa, no Cangoroos here! )
             and use the Amiga for quite some time now. My main interests
             are in graphic and games. If anybody wants to contact me,
             please write, since i dont have direct access to the Aminet
             or any Mailbox. Adress:

                                  JOSEF WOLLERSBERGER
                                  STÖBICHEN 11
                                  A-4783 WERNSTEIN

Copyright:   The Pictures and all of their contents are copyright (C) 1995
             by Josef Wollersberger but are free to distribute, as long as
             they stay unchanged and nobody charges a fee bigger than the
             usual costs of spreading for them. The caracters in this
             pictures especially Dominique are not to be used in any other
             persons works except    1.) You draw them yourselfe
                                     2.) You mention their origin in your
                                         Work
                                     3.) You dont show them in situations
                                         that are offending to me or my
                                         characters ( nudes, sexual acts)
                                     4.) You dont try to make money out of
                                         them
                                     5.) You agree that even if you lived
                                         up to the former points, I still
                                         reserve the right to prohibit the
                                         spreading of your work if I find
                                         it inpossible to agree with its
                                         contents

             As already mentioned, this Pictures are free of charge, but
             since this is my first contribution to the Aminet, I would
             apriciate it if some of you could give me some feedback about
             how you like the pics.
